---
title: "Welcome to my DevBlog"
date: 2015-12-04 16:40:00
categories: general
image:
  background: Messier_78_Nebula.jpg
---

Hello and welcome to my DevBlog!

I first blogged about my development experiences on WordPress back in 2013 at [VarietyScript](http://varietyscript.wordpress.com) and knew very little of development environments, command line, Linux, good code editors or markdown syntax. As you can see if you visit the link I used lowly old screenshots in order to provide examples of my work, the visual scheme is rather ugly and disjointed, and all of it sits on top of the WordPress machine which is simply too complicated for what this blog requires.

Now that I've learned a thing or two about the infrastructure which typically supports software development, specifically open-source web development within the UNIX paradigm, I have switched the blog over to Jekyll. I'm really enjoying Jekyll so far because it eschews any obfuscation of the difference between blogging and developing, which I prefer to be minimal. I'm still learning how to edit all the style variables so you can expect it to gradually look better as I put more time into it.

I am a writer and web developer and I need things to work exactly as I expect them to within very specific, maintainable parameters (I swear there must be some German in me). The ability to marry my love for writing and my love for development is very gratifying. I hope you enjoy reading and please do not hesitate to brutally ridicule my ignorance and newbishness.
